hey guys welcome back to vex in the last
part I just got the very last heart in
the game I'm still psyched about it
anyway welcome I'm probably still
psyched about because I just did it a
couple seconds ago but whatever anyway
now that we have all 81 hearts and all
the scrolls I'm gonna read the last two
Scrolls and I will head off to fight
dark yeah boo all right now this is the
one that you get from the Frostbite mill
something terrible was coming after all
this time dark yep ooo is moving about
astara searching he seems to have
collected an army of beasts from the
Shadow Realm I fear he is trying to
collect the Wraith hearts to reopen the
gate and bring back his fellow wraiths
but I discovered that for some reason
yeah boo cannot touch the hearts or even
get close to them I've hidden as many as
I as many of them as I can
although I can't find some of them
myself perhaps yeah boo is searching for
someone to complete this gruesome
collection for him my worst fears are
realized yeah boo has discovered the
people of over wood and is heading
towards them does he mean to make them
perform his cursed errand and collect
the hearts I feared there's nothing I
can do to help the peaceful people their
guardian Vargas is old and no match for
ya boo and his creatures I hope there is
one among them that can stand up to ya
boos wickedness but I fear the worst you
need not fear the worst because I am the
one that shall stand up to you boo
warped in the Shadow Realm yes the work
to the Shadow Realm is in the middle of
the teleporter so yeah it's like that
little round circle of energy so this is
the Shadow Realm gosh this is so hard to
do and this is my first take of this I'm
just gonna tell you right now that if I
probably won't even get it in this video
it's like it's like I'll post this video
all like it's like I'll do this video
regularly and then if it takes like a 30
more takes to do this then I'll just
upload this is like a half part I'll
upload both videos in one day anyway
there he is
you're the fool for coming here no fear
you will be staying long
yeah that's what you think
oh yeah come on next BAM let's do this
and then he calls up like ten wraiths I
think and then they will come to attack
you now there is a specific way you want
to do this what you want to do is just
constantly spam uppercuts here an
uppercut where kick round pound that's
the order that you have to do now if
you're wondering why you want to do open
uppercuts for some weird reason when you
do uppercuts apparently you're
invincible like wow you're still doing
the punching animation you're invincible
I don't know why but you are you can
also swap it up by doing the ground
pound and then coming down and get him
clear kick in on the way down but I
prefer to do the way that it was
originally intended to do so anyway kill
about 20 rates no killers rates and then
the like this is this is all the first
phase but now this new thing will begin
where he's gonna be throwing fireballs
at you know there's gonna be a target on
the ground showing where he's gonna be
throwing it but sometimes they'll appear
in front of you so just watch out the
best way to dodge them is with long
jumps and he will always throw fireballs
and patterns of four so that's something
to remember and now he's going to be
doing rates again and but he's gonna be
doing rapes and fireballs I'm actually
doing really well I'm not even taking a
hit yet or not one that's tough speak of
the devil
just take a hit all right now
just kill the Braves and dodge the
fireballs because he's gonna be doing
both at once now so he's gonna be
interrupting your punching and ground
pounding so yeah and also don't get too
close to him because I kind of forgot
about that don't get close to him
because he will you know how like those
little annoying enemies sometimes there
are these enemies that can like control
you they slow your movement he does that
when you get near him so stay away from
him all right now just keep doing the
same thing apricots uppercut flare kick
ground pound dang it now this is where
this is the face that will really screw
you over for the rest of the fight
because now taking a lot of hits I think
I'm not being careful but um not to
mention he's hitting me with the
fireballs but um let's see here
hey come on killing up the fireballs are
really what's gonna screw you over the
rates aren't nearly as bad though let me
dodge this round of fireballs and then
I'm gonna do something I've actually
kind of ah dang it
alright rage mode boom boom just killed
all ah now that that didn't work okay
anyway I'm probably not gonna live
through this one you see this is why
this is so hard it's like there's this
phase and then there's two more phases
after this